In the previous three deal we talked about coupling and this in this way you will talk about cohesion.
So what is cohesion caution is basically how related the responsibilities of a specific class are.
Ideally a class should be highly cohesive.
That means all its responsibilities.
What are the responsibilities of a class.
How do you define them through their method.
So all the method should be highly highly related to them.
So let's look at an example problem.
So what you have here is a class download and store.
So if you look at this particular thing what it's doing is everything it's downloading from internet.
Passing the data and putting into the database.
What this program does is basically as you can see from the code it download something from the internet
parses it and then to the database.
So this is one way of organizing it right so you have a download and store class which downloads from
the internet barters the data and then you turn it into the database.
So this gas would do a lot of logic then.
So this class would be responsible for understanding the protocol of how to talk to Internet and download
the stuff from Internet and then it would need to have a parser to parse the data or translate the data
into some other format.
And then you need to store it into the database so it needs to to understand either ABC or J-P or whichever
one technology you'd use to talk to the database and it would need to store it into the database as
well.
So this class has a lot of responsibilities.
And as you can see downloading from internet is a different responsibility completely different responsibility
compared to parsing data.
And this is completely different responsibility comparing compelling story into the database.
So you'd have any number of reasons for storing these chinning this class and that if something changes
with hated a b or something you need to change it.
If something is passing you need to change you do something.
Change it's turning into the database you need to change it.
I this would be changing all the time.
A better solution like this is high I'm in very low cohesion in the sense that the responsibilities
of the class are not really related to each other.
They're quite unrelated responsibilities present for this particular class.
A better solution would be to have different classes with their own responsibilities.
So I would have a separate Internet download appliance which is responsible for downloading from the
Internet.
So this deals with all the HGP logic hold it up to the website.
How do get that information and get it out.
The data parser has the parse data.
So this would really focus on once I have the DML downloaded How do I parse it and get it into a format
I would need to understand.
So that's the focus of this data parser.
The data is stored on the other hand is focused on the data database.
So it would get the data which is parsed and it would try and store it into the database so they don't
read and store class is the high level class or that is responsible for creating instance of the classes
and calling them we do not really know how it should be worked.
It knows that Internet don't know that officially HTP so it will just say we don't need that download
from intimate partner Babolat the database to store in the database.
I mean really speaking there should be some kind of data which is passing between these stuff.
I just wanted to make the example real simple too that you can understand it very easily if your arm
is your classes in this way rather than this way.
Then you have much better cohesion.
This particular class only knows how to talk to each If nothing else all the.
Even if I add more don't admit that you're would only be talking to actually be will not know how awkward
it is to not know how to parse stuff.
That's not the responsibility of this particular class.
This class on the other hand oh I'm only responsible for parsing nothing else.
So if I have multiple parts things to do OK create new method in here.
But if it's not related to parsing get away from me.
That's not my responsibility.
I want to be highly cohesive and if I add other responsibilities to me like storing through a database
I'll no longer be cohesive.
And I would need to change whenever something in to is there was something in passing interest I don't
want to be like that.
I want to be highly cohesive and I have to have relaid and that means I have to have related responsibilities.
That's what the data partner would do.
And one other things which are related to parsing I'll take responsibility for.
Similarly with database Storer and download and storage the class which would kind of say I don't get
all the details.
I'm at high level so I'll decide I'll walk you.
You do what you need to do to get the things done.
Areason classes in this way would lead to highly cohesive applications.
So those are the two things that we discussed in this particular section until now.
We talked about having low coupling and high cohesion and building next we do.